[concerned murmuring]
How is it?
Does it feel too tight?
It doesn't hurt,
it's just a scratch.
Oh really? I know
you like to act tough,
but you should be
more careful.
Owww! I mean,
I told you it doesn't
really hurt all that much!
But it does hurt a lot,
doesn't it?
How many times do I gotta
say it doesn't hurt!
We were attacked
by shinobi hired
by the Pale Blue Valley.
That's a fact.
We know because they left
this message behind for us.
"You've ignored repeated
warnings and left us no option.
"So, we demand the deed
to the bridge.
"In exchange
we'll spare Kiri's life."
The deed to the bridge?!
What do they mean
repeated warnings?
What are they talking about?
The village head seemed
to know all about it.
Huh?
Think about it.
The continuous attacks
on your storehouse
were meant to be warnings.
I thought something
felt weird.
And then, she put in
a request for your protection.
But still, why didn't
she discuss it with us?
I get it.
I think I understand
what she was feeling.
Oh?
Yeah well! I mean...
She wanted to handle
the problem alone.
And be strong
like her father.
All you had to do was turn
over the deed to the bridge.
How long have you been tangled
up with those people?
I got involved with them just
before I killed your father.
[shocked inhale]
You killed him?!
That's right.
'Cause in these parts,
the deed to the bridge
is worth a bar of gold
if you know who to talk to.
[angry grunt]
(Iori) The Pale Blue Valley
offered to buy it for
a very high price.
[grunts]
After that, I acquired poison
from the shinobi.
All I had to do was have
your father drink it.
[grunts] Damn you!
When you succeeded
your father,
I figured you'd keep
the problem to yourself.
I know how you hate to lose.
I assumed you'd try to outdo
your father
and solve it on your own
and then, you'd fail.
Or so I thought.
Instead you went and
requested help from the Leaf.
I didn't see that move coming!
[furious breathing]
Our previous village head
was a great man.
And part of his greatness
was that
he never tried to resolve
problems by himself.
He listened to
everyone's opinion.
(Matsuba) Lady Kiri is young,
but strong‐willed and
mature for her age.
We all know that what
she desires most
is to protect the Green Banks
and its villagers.
We would have helped.
She didn't need
to act alone.
Our previous leader wouldn't
have tried
to handle this by himself.
What would've happened then?
Would things have
turned out differently?
Boruto.
So now, will you rescue
the village head?
Please, we beg you.
I understand.
Alright.
So, is getting
the village head back
gonna be our new mission then?
Um...
Take this.
Please take it with you.
Is this scroll the deed to
the bridge?
Are you sure?
The village head tried to do
everything in her power
to make sure
this wouldn't happen!
This scroll is nothing.
It can't take the place
of Lady Kiri's life.
That's how we all feel.
Yes. Understood.
We're heading out. Let's go!
(Sarada/Mitsuki)
Yes, sir!
(Konohamaru) Listen up.
Rescuing the village head is
our top priority.
She's somewhere over here.
Judging from
the recent attacks,
the enemy is very violent.
We don't know their strengths,
so I'll approach them.
Meanwhile, you three
find an opening,
rescue the village head
and return here.
(Sarada) But that will
leave you vulnerable, Sensei!
(Boruto) She's right.
It'll be better if
I lend you a hand, Big Bro.
(Konohamaru) Boruto. Considering
what we're up against,
this plan has the best shot
to succeed.
Don't worry about me.
I'm not a total wimp,
you know.
Okay, got it.
(Kono) Well, I certainly
didn't expect your first mission
to turn into something
this tough.
From now on, you all need to
expect the unexpected,
and avoid taking
any chances.
Hear me, Boruto?
Do you understand me?
Mhm.
I already told you
I'd handle this!
But still, why didn't
she discuss it with us?
Yeah, I get it already.
(Mitsuki) Sensei.
I'm sensing some kind of
movement nearby.
Huh?!
Hey! You're late,
ya know!
Bringing her here
is one thing.
But if anybody finds me,
they're gonna figure out
I'm the one after the deed!
Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything is
going just fine.
Well I hope so.
I hired you shinobi
because I heard that
you were trustworthy.
[gasps]
I'll be satisfied as soon as
I get the deed to
that bridge!
A big fiasco is not what...
Shut up.
[groans]
Yes. You certainly can
trust shinobi.
[groans]
Iori!
[gasping]
We must have forgotten
to tell him somehow.
But we're not your
standard shinobi anymore.
Hidari.
[smirk] Yeah.
I know you're there.
Shall we make a deal,
Leaf shinobi?
Doesn't seem like you're
in a deal‐making mood.
No need to worry,
not as long as we both
get what we want.
Then there's no problem.
[gasps] That's the deed!
Why did you bring it?
I told you just how precious
it is.
What do you think
you're doing?!
[gasps]
Sorry it took so long.
Forget about saving me!
The deed is what matters!
[smirks]
[gasps]
I missed getting them,
huh?
[grunts]
[gasps]
Boruto!
I got it,
I got it!
Let's retreat!
Yeah.
[grunts]
She was probably injured in
the earlier attack.
Are you all right?
Konohamaru Sensei!
I'm okay.
Take the village head
with you and go.
He's not leaving.
I'm going to
kill all of you here.
We already gave you
the deed to the bridge.
(Hidari) [heavy sigh]
Having that girl around
is going to cause trouble
for us.
You guys'll
cause trouble, too.
Don't underestimate us just
'cuz we're kids.
(Konohamaru) Boruto!
Calm down. You need to stick
to our strategy.
Oh, come on!
You've already seen the way
they operate.
I can't fight them and
protect you at the same time.
Don't worry.
I'll catch up right away.
Listen to me.
The three of you
are going to complete
your first mission
successfully.
I'm counting on you.
You got that?
We won't let you down!
[gasps] Why did you bother to
come back for me?
And even worse,
you brought the deed.
You still don't get it
do you?!
The reason we came back is
'cause everyone
in the village
asked us to save you.
[gasps] They did?
[grunting]
Humph!
[gasps]
How do you like it?
I used my special Clone Trap.
Can't move, huh?
Ashimaru, I'll handle
this guy.
You take care of
those brats.
I'll kill them.
[chuckles] So it's true.
Hidden Leaf shinobi
are pushovers.
[grunting]
Is your arm okay?
Yeah.
Boruto. I don't think
she's okay.
You are unbelievable!
Hmm.
I took all our traps
and set them.
That'll buy us a little time
at least.
[restrained pain]
I'm almost done.
Mhm.
How can we know you're in pain
if you won't tell us?
I'm sorry.
I just didn't want to be
any more of a burden to you
than I already am.
The trouble with you is,
you try to do everything
by yourself.
Is that what you think
it takes
to fill your old man's shoes?
I have to protect our village.
So I have to be
like my father.
Yes. Because he was
a great man.
Tofu) That's right,
put your back into it!
[grunts] Ah, too bad!
[happy giggle]
Okay! You're done! [chuckles]
Any other challengers?!
[grunts]
[happy breath]
[laughing]
(Kiri) In strength nor wisdom.
No one could come close
to my father.
I won't let you touch a hair
on their heads!
(Kiri) He confronted all
our enemies alone.
And single‐handedly protected
the Green Banks,
and all of
the villagers.
He oversaw many
important projects.
The incredible power my father
exuded was enough
to prevent the Green Banks
from being attacked.
Hmm?
Hmm.
But lineage determines
succession.
That's how the village head
is chosen here
at the Green Banks.
I was next in line.
As his only child,
I became the village head.
One reason I have to stand
firm is because I'm weak.
For the villagers
to feel secure,
I must appear
as strong as possible.
All this time,
I thought my best
might be good enough.
Every day, I was giving
the village
everything I had to give.
And yet, it still ended up
like this.
The villagers are family
to me.
But I couldn't protect them
like my father had.
(Sarada) Oh what?
Does this remind you
of something?
Huh?
Lord Seventh and
the village head.
The obvious similarities between
your situation and Kiri's
must have gotten you
thinking, right?
You're way off!
Not even close!
I think she hit the nail
right on the head.
You've gotta be kidding,
Mitsuki! [gasps]
I guess those traps didn't
stop them, after all.
Damn it.
We gotta get outta here.
Boruto. Don't be an idiot.
Uh. What do you mean
by that?!
You just want us to
take Kiri and run for it.
What do we do
if they overtake us?
If that happens,
then we'll just...
Let me guess...
"We'll just figure it out."
Is that your plan?
Uh.
We're outmatched.
You realize that right?
You can't be that stupid.
Hmm.
(Sarada) I have an idea.
We stay put.
The three of us have
the advantage
if we engage them here,
but not if we run away.
[surprised]
(Mitsuki) I'd like to
try that out too.
Like Konohamaru Sensei said,
let's come up with
a unified plan together.
What?! You too now, Mitsuki?!
I didn't do it.
I didn't reach out,
not to anybody.
I carried the burden
by myself,
and this is where it
got me.
So I'd like to see it in
action.
What is this teamwork
of yours? Will you show me?
[sighs] I guess we have
no choice.
If you really wanna see it,
then I'll show you exactly
what teamwork is!
We'll show you! Got it?
Guys like us found ourselves
without a job
after the Great War ended.
And yet, the Leaf gives
missions to brats like yours.
The Leaf's become so soft
these days.
If I were in your place
I wouldn't underestimate them.
[laughs] How can you seriously
say that in your position?
I'm going to put
an end to you!
[grunts]
There's a lot of talk about
turmoil in remote areas.
Where the villages sit along
national borders.
These places are perfect
for any Rogue Ninja
looking to stir up trouble.
So keep that in mind
'cause they can be violent.
Yes, sir.
(Naruto) And remember.
Young shinobi don't understand
how difficult missions can be.
So guide them with
a sure and steady grip, okay?
(Konohamaru) Yeah!
I've got to get a grip!
[gasps]
Rasengan!
[grunting]
You used Wind Style to undo
the jutsu by force?!
Weren't you just telling me
that the Leaf was soft?
That right?
[gasps]
[grunts]
[panicked]
You want to test that out?
Well, now's your big chance.
[gasps]
[scared]
[passes out]
Time to go.
Come on out now.
[grunting]
[grunts]
So annoying!
I wanna get at least
one hit on this guy somehow.
You shouldn't.
If you get too close,
you'll die.
Not yet, huh?
No backbone, after all.
Just as I thought.
A little late there, Sarada.
Yeah, I know.
I know, I'm sorry.
And? What did you see?
Well, maybe it's because
he's got so much
self‐confidence.
But he doesn't even dodge
most attacks.
He takes the hit,
then counters.
(Sarada) So, we'll look
for an opening,
and then we'll all
finish him at once!
Which means...that.
Right?
Oh yeah!
So you have some backbone,
after all.
Let's go!
Right! Yeah!
[grunts]
We're counting on you.
Go, Sarada!
So fast!
But, this is over.
[gasps]
(Boruto) I don't have
your eyes to read his attacks.
(Sarada) I don't have
your speed,
so I can't toy with
an opponent.
(Mitsuki) I don't have
the frame of mind
to use the Wind Style as
creatively as you do.
(All three) But! Together,
we can beat him!
[gasp of pain]
Your time is up! Chaaaaa!
[gasps]
What is up with
that monster strength?!
It actually worked!
She could kill me one day
if she wanted to.
[chuckle] You've got your
hands full
with Himawari and Sarada.
Hey! Don't just leave me
back here, Mitsuki!
They're amazing!
I'm sorry I'm late, guys.
Here you go.
(Kiri) [stunned breath]
Thank you.
The mission you requested is
now complete.
What do you think?
Wouldn't you say
those three are something?
Ugh! Shut up! You wanna go?!
All right,
let's do this then!
(Boruto) Uh, I meant
when we get back home!
Yes, they are.
Let's settle it
when we get home!
(Sarada) No, right here!
Alright, I'm back now.
Yes. I'm glad you're unharmed.
Uh. Please forgive me.
I acted on my own.
And as a result all of
this happened.
I should have consulted you.
(Kiri) I want you to know
I'm very sorry!
[relieved sigh]
We understand.
Please, raise your head!
I'm still inexperienced.
But please, will you
give me your support?
Yes. And you can come to us
anytime you need help.
You know, I'll never be
the kind of leader
my father was.
Actually, watching you
reminded me of your father
when he was young.
You give everything
you've got.
[shocked inhale]
You'll keep
gaining experience.
And one day, you'll be
just like him.
More than that!
I think you'll be
an even greater village head!
Right?
[chuckles] Yes, of course!
[chuckling]
[emotional]
All right! It's time for us
to hit the road.
(Kiri) Please wait!
Before you go I have to
thank you and your team.
During my rescue I learned
a lot about them.
And about
the importance of teamwork.
Uh, you did?
Well! You just keep
doing your best!
So you're an expert now?
Acting a little high
and mighty? [giggles]
[chuckles] I agree with her!
(Boruto) Shut up you guys!
[laughing]
We finally made it back home!
I am absolutely starving!
Well we should have known
it would be hard.
You did great!
Your first mission couldn't
have gone better.
Yeah!
Hm!
Thanks for your hard work,
Konohamaru. Good job.
Yes, sir!
Looks like it turned out to be
quite a difficult mission.
It was.
But those kids,
the three of them did
a really great job.
So I heard! But I know
it was only possible because
of your solid guidance.
You keep up the good work
with Team 7.
I'm counting on you,
okay, captain?
[gasps]
Yes, sir!
(Boruto) Well? How did
your first mission turn out?
Tell us about it.
(Shikadai) Don't ask.
Just thinking about
it's a drag.
This thing was underground.
It had dug itself so deep
into the earth
that we had to beat it
out of there.
For real?! Was it a monster?
Was it strong?
Well, um...
Yeah, it was.
We were able to pop it
right out.
What? I gotta hear more
about it.
Well, actually,
we didn't beat anything up.
Think of it more like
we had to help somebody
extract a giant turnip.
A giant turnip?
That's so uncool!
Yeah?!
Well, what kind of mission
did you get assigned to anyway?
Huh? You wanna hear
about it?
I only had to fight off
some rogue shinobi.
[shocked]
Are you serious?
Yeah, of course,
the enemy was pretty strong.
But I brought
them down no problem.
That's amazing, Boruto!
So tell us about it.
Don't hold anything back!
Sure! So the enemy were
a bunch of super violent guys.
They even had
Big Bro Konohamaru panicked!
That's when I burst in
with my jutsu and
saved the day!
I fought and I fought!
And the incident was resolved
in a flash!
That guy.
He's really too much.
(Sarada) Konohamaru Sensei
sent an emergency summons!
(Boruto) It's probably just
another mission
to look for somebody's
lost dog or cat.
(Sarada) That's not
what it's about!
We're going after a robber
who's barricaded himself
in a bank!
(Boruto) Bank robber barricaded
inside an actual bank!?
A mission worthy of
my attention!
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"A Ninja's Job"
My time to shine
has finally arrived!